Introduction
------------

This module provides two intefaces to the Remedy Action Request System.
The first is a basic interface to the C API provided with the AR
system (Remedy::Ar).  The second is an object-oriented version of the
same (Remedy::Ar::Server and Remedy::Ar::Schema).  

Prerequisites
-------------

You need the Action Request System from Remedy
Corporation.  It provides all libraries and include files necessary to
use this software.

Bulding and Installing
----------------------

Extract the archive.  It extracts into its own directory.l
$ cd Ar-0.2alpha
$ perl Makefile.PL
$ make
if you're happy with it, type:
$ make install

See the TODO file for the remaining work to be done.

Warning
-------

WARNING:  This is a snapshot of a work-in-progress.  It does what I
want it to do, but it may not work for you.  Bug fixes, features, and
bug reports will be gratefully accepted.  Please send to
rik.harris@fulcrum.com.au, or to perl-remedy@lists.fulcrum.com.au.

Mailing list
------------

There is a mailing list for announcements and discussion.  To
subscribe, send a message to 'majordomo@lists.fulcrum.com.au', with a
body of 'subscribe perl-remedy'.

Legal Stuff
-----------

     Copyright (c) 1995 Rik Harris. All rights reserved.
     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
     modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

     Because you are being permitted to use this software free of charge,
     neither the copyright owner nor any other party supplying the software
     to you gives any warranty as to its merchantability or its fitness for
     any particular purpose (except to the extent required by law). The
     copyright owner and/or the other party providing this software do so on
     an "as is" basis. By using this software, you agree that you will bear
     the entire risk as to its quality, performance and fitness for any
     particular purpose. Should the software prove defective or unfit for
     any particular purpose, you agree to bear any consequential loss. In no
     event (except to the extent required by law) will the copyright owner,
     or any other party who may distribute the software, be liable to you or
     to any other person for damages, including any general, special,
     incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use, or the
     inability to use the software (including but not limited to any loss of
     data, any data being rendered inaccurate, the software failing to
     operate, either alone or with any other programs, or the software
     causing any computer or computer hardware to fail), even if the
     copyright owner or other party has been advised of the possibility of
     such loss or damage.

     Action Request System and AR System are trademarks of Remedy Corporation

Request
-------

Have fun.
